[[!meta title="Non-monogamy Ireland"]]
[[!meta google-site-verification="FPdZHtg0dbZpZD1huPvEjdEznEabghazr2TKaxzq89c"]]
[[!meta description="A community for people who believe that relationships come
in different sizes and shapes, and that monogamy is not always the answer. Open
relationships, polyamory, relationship anarchy, etc."]]
[[!sidebar content="""
## Tags
[[!pagestats pages="./tags/*" among="./posts/*" class=mypagecloud]]
"""]]

# Non-monogamy Ireland

This is a community for people who believe that relationships come in different
sizes and shapes, and that monogamy is not always the answer.

Non-monogamy is an umbrella term that includes open relationships, polyamory,
relationship anarchy, and other forms of relationships that don't follow the
monogamous canon.

---

The group aims to provide a non-commercial safe space for the non-monogamous
people of Ireland, irrespective of their sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion.

A space for discussion, creation, and organisation that exists on-line and
off-line. Safe because a group within the community will create and enforce a
code of conduct to protect the community members from any harassment. Posting
is free, but abuse will be swiftly suppressed.

# Facebook group

While we know that Facebook does not respect our privacy adequately, it was the
simplest way to start the community. Until we find a suitable alternative, the
place to discuss online is in the
[FB group page](https://www.facebook.com/groups/nonmonogamous.ie/).

# News

[[!inline pages="page(./posts/*) and !*/Discussion" show="10"
feeds=no actions=yes]]

[[!calendar pages="page(./posts/*) and !*/Discussion"]]
---
This blog is powered by [ikiwiki](http://ikiwiki.info).
[[!inline pages="page(./posts/*) and !*/Discussion" show="10"
rss=yes atom=no feedonly=yes actions=yes
description="Non-monogamy Ireland"]]
